After I have submitted my application for a loan can I change the school of choice, program or enrolment status? 
Are there any penalties for early payment on a student loan? 
Can a retired person stand as a guarantor? 
Can I apply for a student loan if I am a guarantor who has signed for an SLB applicant? 
Can I receive another student loan to do a second degree? 
Do I have to apply each year to SLB for a loan? 
Do students benefit from any other service in addition to tuition? 
Do you fund Postgraduate programmes? 
Do you lend to persons who are not considered needy? 
Does SLB offer loans to students studying abroad? 
Explain your evaluation process and the procedure an applicant goes through to get the loan. 
How can I avoid the last minute rush to submit my application? 
How can I ensure speedy disbursement of my loan? 
How can I repay my student loan?
How many locations do you have? 
How much do I pay for insurance? 
Is there a limit on the number of loans I may receive? 
Trace the development of the Students' Loan Bureau, providing information about its function and source of funding as a financial institution. 
What are some of the possible reasons for disqualification? 
What are the terms of repayment? 
What does it mean when a student loan is conditionally approved? 
What happens if I do not complete my course of study in the stipulated time? 
What happens if my account is in default? 
What is the age limit on borrowing? 
What is the rate of interest on Student Loans? 
What kind of programmes do you have in place, which are geared to towards public education? 
What makes an individual eligible for a student loan? 
What measures are in place to ensure repayment? 
What of the SLB and the future? 
What percentage of tuition do you fund? 
What will happen if I decide to discontinue my course of study or have to repeat a year? 
When and how does one apply? 
When do I start repaying? 
When will the funds be sent to the school? 
Who can be a guarantor? 
Who is a delinquent? 
Who is the primary borrower of the loan? 
Why do I need two guarantors? 
Why do i pay insurance? 
Will the SLB fund a programme if an applicant is not fully matriculated? 